feat: create no-context-default-value lint rule (#24000)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/eslint-plugin/README.md

Prevent visibility modifiers (`public`, `protected`, `private`) from being specified on class members/methods.

Used in Fluent UI only by [`@fluentui/react-northstar`](https://aka.ms/fluent-ui), not `@fluentui/react`.

### `no-context-default-value`

> Restricts usage of default values on React context creation. Imports should be provided to declare where the `createContex` function is coming from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restricts usage of default values on React context creation. Imports should be provided to declare where the `createContext` function is coming from. For more information why this is necessary please consult [#23624](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/issues/23624)
```
